**I AM Maurolepis Dreki: Philosopher, Programmer, Warrior, and Admin.**

# Programmer
Of my many skills, the most obvious is as that of a Programmer.  I’m a C/C++ Software Developer with an intimate understanding of Python, but I don’t like to use Python *because* it is a high-level language which abstracts too much of the internals beyond the programmer’s ability to optimize.  I’ve been trying to learn Assembler with decreasing success so that I can fine-tune segments of my software, and have Lua queued for my consumption as well when I get the time.

Often I feel like an outsider, as a Programmer, not only because I code for GNU/Linux, but also because I do so without an IDE.  I stopped using an IDE about the time I converted from C# to C/C++ when I realized that invoking GNU/GCC directly gave me better error messages than Visual Studio and Code::Blocks did.  Anymore, I just use Vim, or Notepad++, – almost any general text editor with syntax highlighting will do, – and a Shell (preferably Bash with Tmux).  But don’t think I compile each file of code by manual invocation, that would be crazy!  I learned the hard way that for any real project one must *at least* create a Makefile to preserve compiler configurations across tweaks.  And nowdays, I mainly use CMake, and occasionally play with the GNU Build System, although neither quite suit me; I like CMake because of it’s trivial scripting ability which allows me to quickly throw together projects, but it is far more appealing to use native tools like the Shell to perform all requirements checks and generate the Makefile; eventual I plan to branch off GNU and make improvements, but today is not that day.

And there is a difference between using GitHub as a remote backup location and portfolio and using GitHub as a project management solution.  I’m in the former category.  I use Git as my Version Control System of choice; I couldn’t tell you why Linus built it the way he did, and I really don’t care, but I do appreciate the design and have derived similar systems from it enabling me to achieve a 90% compression ratio or more for storing and distributing different versions of an installer.  GitHub includes a lot of fancy tools, but until I actually have a team to collaborate with those tools are nothing more than distractions, and if I had a team, the first order of business would be constructing better tools than what GitHub provides, things that would better fit into our development process instead of requiring it’s alteration.

# Admin
*“I am the sysadmin.  If you try and crack my machine don’t be surprised if the municipal works gets an “accidental” computer-generated order to put start a new landfill on your front lawn or your quota is reduced to 4K.”*  I’ve been a Linux user for years, and I’d use it exclusively if I didn’t play digital games; I’m beginning to think that the gaming industry is the only thing keeping MS Windows alive!  I’m not a fan of Chrome OS either, but I’m certain that if Chrome suddenly enabled all Window’s games ever created to be drop-in compatible with it, Chrome OS would become the new Industry Standard within 5 years.  As a Linux user, and through other projects I’ve undertaken, I’ve gained an intimate – even Biblical – knowledge of traditional computing systems that is only surpassed by the developers themselves.  And I have never once held less than Root (Admin) level access to any Linux-based system, partially because I am the sole user on my systems, and partially because I know how to give myself those permissions so long as I have physical access to the machine and a screwdriver.

And if you are wondering about the typo in the quote, “...order to *put start* a new..”, it’s bugging the hell out of me too, but it is present in the original source, if you can find it… I’d post the URL, but the site is long dead, and only God knows what happened to it’s creator.

# Philosopher
Innovation without Philosophy is a Curse.  I hold many Philosophies, some of them longer than others.  The oldest of them \[to me\] is doing things right the first time; as a programmer, I know all too well that taking one bug out of the code reveals more bugs, and how suspicious it is when your code compiles correctly the first time, but that is why it is so important to keep as many bugs out of the code as possible at any given time, so that time is not wasted taking them out later.

Another of the old ones is to “Do One Thing, and Do It Well”, a cousin of the KISS (Keep It Simple & Sincere) Philosophy; too often these days we try to make our tools do too much to try to suit everybody, and the result is always a big pile of shit.  We don’t need streamlined solutions, and all purpose tools, like Swiss Army Knifes, will never be as strong as an ⅛<sup>th</sup>" steel, full tang blade, despite it’s not having a cork screw that you would only ever use to show off the knife; the point I’m trying to make here is that there is no such thing as a one-size-fits-all solution, and that the better design has always been to have multiple inter-operating tools, like having a separate fork and knife, rather than trying to combine them all together and making the result awkward to use at best.

Linus Torvalds is one of the very few persons, living or dead, I hold any respect for, and it is because he holds a similar Philosophy to my own in regards to publication and Liberty, and he has not been shy about making those views known and legislating them in his work.  Benjamin Franklin tells us, those who would give up Liberty to purchase Safety deserve neither Liberty nor Safety {BFHR}, and Niccolo Machiavelli showed that history insists that hated rulers will be destroyed by their own subjects with the assistance of foreign powers {NMTP XX:XI}, and there is no surer way of becoming hated than to interfere with the Liberty and Property of his subjects {NMTP XIX:II}, and John Lock makes it quite plain that this is so because “all government in the world is the product only of force and violence, and that men live together by no other rules but that of beasts, where the strongest carries it” {JLCCG I:VI}, a similar observation being made by Johnathan Swift not long later in describing Yahoo customs as a reflection of Human behavior.

To be more clear, there is nothing more valuable to me than Liberty, and part of Liberty is the Right to the Possession of and Control of Property, and among those properties is one’s own Life, and that the only way to acquire and retain Liberty is to fight for such that to cause another to fight for your Liberty is to gift your Liberty to them, and they would be no less foolish to give it back to you than you where to give it up in the first place.  But where much is held much is required such that it has been said that Liberty is not License, that just because we can do something doesn’t mean we should; the implications of this go far beyond the scope of my writing here and have all been written before such as by John Locke where he describes the State of Nature in contrast to the State of War {JLCCG II-V}, the important part of that explanation is that if any person claims possession of more than they can use then it is theft from the rest of Humanity who held equal right to it before their claim and would have made use of it if it had not been claimed, Intellectual Property being impossible to use completely as it is as infinite as there are possibilities in the universe.

That said, it should be easy to understand how our views are similar: for the most part, the fact of publication grants License for use, and all that is required is that you respect the author enough to give tribute to their work instead of claiming it as your own, the very definition of plagiarism which is the theft of Intellectual Property.  As a content creator, I retain the right to not publish my work, and also choose the audience it is published to, but the right is not mine to prevent a parallel design from being birthed that competes with my own and is beyond my control, and that is what people forget when they seek to profit from Intellectual Property.

## “Pure” C/C++
I should like to take a minute to mention my thoughts on the evolution of my favorite Programming Language: C/C++.

I have watched for several years as C/C++ has evolved out of control; many new features such as “modules”, pointer wrappers, and auto typed variables have no place in C++, while obsolete features such as the keyword “register” do.  The standard has catered too much to non-C++ developers who do not understand the concepts of typing and header files and namespaces and pointers because newer languages don’t have them, which is why we, those who know, choose C++ over those languages.

There have been certain improvements to C++, however, such such as the inclusion of templates, inline functions, lambda functions, and co-routines, which are useful and provide for optimizations that previously would have required descending into Assembler to make.  But there is no point to suddenly including a bunch of Boost libraries as part of the Standard library: if we wanted those functions we’d just use Boost, thus the act only makes the Standard library unnecessarily monolithic.

So when I talk about the Purity of C/C++, I’m not talking about being against new features or improvements to the language, I’m talking about those features that have been grafted into it from other languages that are the antithesis of everything that C/C++ is, features that do not improve control over the application’s operation and efficiency but rather threaten to take it away by the fact of their existence.  Just as a Python developer would accuse another of using a while loop to iterate over an array as being unPythonic, so do I accuse using memory management and implicit function declarations and monolithic libraries as being unC++ic; if those are the features you want, use the languages that have them, because that’s what they are for; and if you don’t like their speed, build a real compiler for them and run them Bare Metal, because that is C/C++’s only advantage there, the only reason you came to it.

# Warrior
It should be no surprise that I am a Martial Artist, traditional Programmers frequently have that interest, but not everybody knows what that means.  There are two sides to the Martial Arts, the methods and tactics on one side, and the philosophy on the other.  So that I have already spoken of Philosophy should imply that being a Warrior is on that other side where we already know why we are fighting and have been entered into the State of War.

The Mind of a Warrior is Immovable: once they have set their mind to do something, they will do it, even if it is the last thing they do.

But the Mind of a Warrior is not Proud: a Warrior accepts that they are not Omniscient, they they do not know everything, and is always willing to learn new things, to see the world in new ways.  But after having learned, a Warrior will make up their own mind and either accept the teaching as being useful and true, or reject it as being unuseful or incorrect.

When a Warrior acts it is without thought or hesitation because their mind is already made up: their study of Philosophy has taught them to be Just, so whether or not to act is not a question in their mind, and their study of Tactics, The Art of War, grants them quick assessment of the situation such that correct Method of their action is never in question, and their rigorous training in Methods carves itself into their Bone, Muscle, and Sinews such that Thinking and Doing become the same motion, one becoming indistinguishable from the other.

And this is possible for a Warrior because of their perpetual awareness of their environment, and their continuing diligence in their training: a Warrior who gives up their training is retired, not because they will stop getting better but because they will begin to get worse, and a Warrior who stops being aware of their environment, even outside of combat, is no better than a common Soldier whose chances of survival are greatly diminished because they have opened themselves up to be ambushed.

All Warriors demand Loyalty and Respect, and will give it in return.  Respect, to a Warrior, means treating other people as their equals, their Philosophy having taught them that it is unnatural and a warlike behavior to place one person above another.  And Loyalty follows Respect: no Warrior can be Loyal to a person they do not Respect, nor to a person who does not Respect them.  Loyalty, to a Warrior, is that willingness to do whatever is required for another benefit, even when it is not asked of them, no matter how difficult and daunting that endevour many be.  There are many who will show Loyalty even when it is not reciprocated, but eventually this behavior will cause the Warrior’s Loyalty to deteriorate because they know that they deserve better than that unrequited Loyalty, and they will seek it out elsewhere.

Unfortunately, there are not very many of us: only about 1% of all people are Warriors, if even that, and another 1% are Conquerors, those who have the skill and determination of the Warrior but not the Heart or Mind of the Warrior such that what they fight for is their own personal gain.  I thank David Goggins for introducing me to this quote by Heraclitus, a Persian Philosopher from the 5<sup>th</sup> century BC, whose truth has been rediscovered by analysis of Social Media trends: “Out of every 100 men, 10 shouldn’t even be there, 80 are just targets, 9 are the real fighters, and we are lucky to have them, for they make the battle.  Ah, but the 1, one is a Warrior...”

# REF.s
BFHR | Benjamin Franklin, *An Historical Review of the Constitution and Government of Pennsylvania*, 1759  
JLCCG | John Lock, *An Essay Concerning The True Original Extend And End Of Civil Government*, 1690  
NMTP | Niccolo Machiavelli, *The Prince*, 1513
