# &lrm;אֶהְיֶה Fenrisv́lfr Μαυρολεπις ᛞᚱᛖᚲᛇ
*'HWH Fenrir Maurolepis Dreki*

There was a time when I thought that reciprocal understanding among Persons was essential for civilization of any kind
&mdash; that understanding bred the fundamental respect and tolerance which permit Persons of any race or creed to
peacefully coexist and even work together provided that doing so did not involve the injury of one for the sake of
another, and instead relied solely on the principles of freedom and trade which require the unanimous consent of all
involved parties to make any agreement hold, that all such contracts must be made on equal footing (without any
superimpositions of authority or dominion one over another) where the right of any two parties to *not* deal with one
another is immutably preserved, and where in all contracts it is exclusively Values and the products thereof which are
traded among Persons and never any measure of force or threats of destruction being so much as implied between them,
nor any Liabilities (inverted Values such as a person's feelings, needs, or desires) be put up as collateral against
real Values, nor permitting any exchange to take place where the Values being exchanged are unequal in their measure.
&nbsp;Previous versions of this document (among others) reflected this and attempted to provide such information as to
enable that civilized world I thought existed to deal with me in ways that it never has. &nbsp;But I was mistaken from
my founding premise &mdash; the world has never sought understanding (despite all it's claims to the contrary), only
the unconditional surrender of all Persons to it's will which is as an unharnessed flame which consumes all things as
quickly as it is able to &mdash; including the one who struck the match &mdash; without any thought whatsoever, and
without any instinct or ability to provide for or enable it's continuing existence. &nbsp;As an intelligent being, this
is not a mistake I will continue to make.

I have many names &mdash; I have a name my parents gave me, I have a name that the government gave me, I have a name
which God gave me, I have several names which I adopted for myself, and some which were chosen by others, and I also
have a True Name which is my identity which may be guessed at but never shared &mdash; but the name I do go by here is
*Maurolepis Dreki* &mdash; a name which is associated with both the my products and also the virtues which founded
them:

**I AM** &mdash; a Self-Existent Being, which requires no one's permission to exist, nor to order my own actions as I
see fit, nor to exclusively control and derive profits from any results of those actions which were also exclusively
mine even unto their disposal and any losses incurred thereby, nor to defend these rights (including the right to
defend them) by every means necessary to secure them to myself in the face of every Person who by any subconscious
design has sought to see them undone. &nbsp; Like the Father-Wolf, Fenrir, I accept no Masters, &mdash; no pretense
that my existence or anything that pertains to it is subject to the will of others, &mdash; neither in the likeness of
Ba'al, nor Pharaoh, nor Cesar, for wherever there are Masters there are also Slaves &mdash; those whose very lives and
properties are not exclusively their own &mdash; and I, like Fenrir, do not have the capacity to live as a Slave.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I have been a tinker and an engineer for as long as I can remember &mdash; this is likely due in part to my mental
schema which is classified as High-Functioning Autism (DSM IV 299.80 "Asperger's Syndrome") within which community the
required traits for these skills are actually prevalent. &nbsp;I have my own theory for this correlation: Thinking men
cannot be ruled because the faculties of thought do not operate under compulsion &mdash; either a man thinks, or he
lets his thinking be done for him, but it cannot be both ways for just as it is written that no man can serve two
masters (Matt. 6:24) neither can a man act as his own master by the use of his own judgment to govern his actions and
also permit the judgments of others to govern his actions because they will inevitably conflict, and when they do one
must be cast aside in favor of the other: he must in that moment abandon reason or he must abandon that which compels
him to abandon reason &mdash; there is no other way. &nbsp;In the diagnostic manuals of mental disorders, Asperger's
and it's Autism Spectrum equivalent list the identifying trait of displaying anti-social tenancies in favor of other
pursuits. &nbsp;Why? &nbsp;Because when faced with the choice that every child must make &mdash; to either abandon
reason or to abandon the source of compulsion which defies reason &mdash; we choose to abandon the compulsion and
thereby earn our label of being mentally defective because we instead accept Epicurus' creed &mdash; *Non deos vulgi
negere profanum; sed vulgi opiniones diis applicare profanum* &mdash; we reject the vulgar gods of the people,
including and especially the people themselves who proclaim *Vox populi, vox dei* [the voice of the people is as the
voice of God], and rely instead upon our own insights and judgments as founded upon the knowledge we do so
meticulously gather within the areas of our interests. &nbsp;These traits are essentials for both technicians and
engineers &mdash; to be worthy of those titles, one must be able to face objective reality, comprehend it, interpret
it, and act upon it without any reliance upon others, &mdash; but those essential skills are clearly deprecated as they
now are regarded as being among the mental illnesses rather than as being among the essential virtues of every living
person who intends to stay that way.

I taught myself mechanics before I learned physics, and without any support to acknowledge my abilities or inform me of
my need of the latter. &nbsp;Even now people do no believe that these studies of the world began from infancy &mdash;
I can vaguely remember my own perspective on one story told where I, seeing a bar on my pre-toddler swing approaching
and departing in it's timely mechanical motion consciously decided to reach out a grab it like some primeval game
intended to test my abilities; &mdash; I do not remember it often or clearly considering that the event itself was of
little consequence, but it does remind me that I was essentially born as the same person that I am today, and
definitely not the blank-slate or the DNA-programmed growth which "science" insists that I am &mdash; there is
something more here, and that part which is more, which is truly myself, which is my identity and includes all the
innate abilities and virtues and interests which I possess, that part did not change, not even in face of all the
adversity which they have caused for me.

Later in life (but while I was still a child) I began to display an innate foundational knowledge of networks and
processes, despite still lacking the technical knowledge thereof due to previous lack of investment. &nbsp;It was
shortly thereafter that I was gifted (at my own request) my first real learning tools whereby I taught myself digital
logic through circuitry. &nbsp;Had I a mentor and not merely a curious audience, I would have learned the principles
of analog circuitry first including Ohm's Law and the principles of LRC and all the math and physics behind it, but I
once again had to teach myself these things and so ended up focusing on the only part that had ever held meaning to me
&mdash; the primitive law of causality, and especially the effects thereof.

It was not until I was in my early teens that I first encountered programming via my CASIO *fx-9750G PLUS* &mdash; a
monochrome graphing calculator with a capacity for stored procedures. &nbsp;After that, the hardest part was getting my
hands on the compilers and interpreters necessary to practice programming. &nbsp;For those who like technicality,
BASIC was my first language, but I didn't really start learning programming until I picked up C# more than a year later
&mdash; a wait time that only ended when I stopped waiting for permission to fulfill my needs for software and
network-time and took care of them myself instead. &nbsp;I consider C# to be my first programming language, although
I have never looked back on it after learning C++ &mdash; I consider C# deficient by comparison.

C++ is the only language that I can actually say that I was taught in school. &nbsp;By the time my high school got a
real programming course (web design does not count) I already knew a programming language and used that to learn the
algorithms which were the focus of the course. &nbsp;But in my first (and only) year of college, I was compelled to
learn C++ as a second language, and I found it far more powerful &mdash; and therefore useful &mdash; than than any
language I had encountered before, or since.

After that, I started picking up languages on the regular: C to expand my C++ abilities via callbacks, Python because
of it's prevalence in STEM, PHP for procedurally generated documents (esp. HTML), Perl for UNIX-like systems and legacy
web applications, Ruby for it's association with Rails... the list goes on to include more than 30 languages, including
a few niche languages used in special cases, and will continue to grow as time permits and necessity requires.
&nbsp;(Lua is the next language on my to-learn list.)

But, unfortunately, all the ability in the world does not matter in a civilization founded instead upon social credit
&mdash; which values the subjective components over the objective reality &mdash; and so I have to work twice as hard
for even one tenth of the results in proving my merits to those who could never do what I have done already.
&nbsp;And because having a portfolio is part of that, and in the absence of having a private web site where I can
present my best work, I am temporarily maintaining my GitHub account for that purpose instead.

